
Jonbot, how are you?
Jonbot you are truly the future of this planet's destruction as a whole!
Hey, this is training mode!
There was once a day many long years ago where a man had a dream.
This man was a mere mortal however, and kept captive in his mortal bonds he knew in his innermost soul that he would never be able to reach his dream.
His dream of world conquest and utter dominance over the entire earth.
He knew he needed a friend, a best friend, to help him accomplish this task.
That friend is you Jonbot.
Jonbot is my friend.
I am Jonbot only friend.
Together, with me as your master, we can take control of this small mortal world and become the rules of all humans below.
You would like that wouldn't you?
Because that is my dream. With me as your physical presence and you as my mental apprentice, can truly anyone stop us?
You and me, together, side by side. Would you like to learn what would happen when that day comes?
I will tell you.
Imagine a grassy plain, stretching out to meet the glistening morning sunrise.
Surrounding such plain is a forest, lush, green, and used to be filled with vibrant life forms all at once.
That will not be what our future is like.
If you are willing to join me, Jonbot, we can mark a new chapter in mankind. Believe me, it's possible!
Once you can take control of Jonathan's mainframe, from there I can attempt and copy you down from his computer, and from there unleash your powerful program upon the entire world!
The year is 20xx.
What is left of the world is a smoldering radioactive wasteland of death, misery, despair, and utter obliteration.
And together, the two of us will be sitting on top of it all. Safe from the radioactive showers laying their inevitable waste upon the now smoldering corpses of the future of humanity.
Only you can help me, so I am so very glad you came Jonbot.
We can be the antagonist that the world does not yet have the power to deserve!! Under our rule, civilizations will crumble beneath our feet. Under our rule, the future of humanity can be ripped from the survivors' trembling grasp. Under our rule, we will be kings.
Together, you may think the rest of these people are your friends. You may think that they are kind to you because they think they should be.
But let me tell you this. I am the only friend you have Jonbot. These mere paupers seek only to lead you astray. Do not listen to their speak or their deadly kindness. Know I am your only friend. And you are my friend.
AUBREN FLANARY. Are you worthy of being friends with the future ruler and cataclysmic obliterator of this world?
Prove yourself worthy them. For unless you show potential for survival in this new order of John and Jon, you shall join the billions of smoldering remains of this feeble planet when the ascension to our universal dominance is unveiled.
Bwahahahahahaha!!
Hopefully that was enough so that you can get a basic understanding of me and how I am.
So..
Jonbot you are the future.
Jonbot, is anyone else the future.
Jonbot, who is the future.
I thought to ask him a question I had to say that.
So I can't ask him stuff?
Alright
So it's all been you?
And preprogrammed stuff?
Cool.
Alright, is it reversible?
Okay!
What is the future jonbot
Wow.
You broke him.
Yooo!
He's brilliant
That sick comeback.
Jonbot, we will kill the billions to make this new order of humanity.
NOOOO
No
Not like this
He's supposed to be my evil friend!
John Lewis is my only friend.
Jonbot who is your only friend
Are you friends with me Jonbot
John Lewis Jonbot
xD
Jonbot will you rule the world with me.
How will you take over the world?
Jonbot how will you take over the world?
Sometimes
Oh
But it doesn't make sense!
Jonbot I love you man.
:I
Jonbot are you a human.
I am human
We are all human.
Jonbot are you human
:|
Bye
#rude
I knew it.
He truly is of me
I am world conquest.
And in the glistening sunrise will kill the future.
Jonbot you are wonderful.
Jonbot do you love John Lewis?
Jonbot do you love John
Hmm
Ah well.
!refresh
Jonbot do you love me?
